Hey guys first thanks for that again
turned today I show you
the review for my two cases for
my nexus 7 the second generation
there is the smart case by eve
and then the 7 inch fill of padua a lot
fun so what are we starting with
with the smart case on
I show that now so soon
you can see these glasses and
imitation leather and this metal magnet
The magnet sticks it behind again
same imitation leather and hard plastic
inside microfiber I'll show you the times
recesses experience for speakers
head camera for the buttons more
speaker
because there is not as install mai
nexus him quite simply
13 we push the bike just like that
into it and then we tap and uncover
ok now the tablet is integrated all
recesses are good so you get on
all total buttons camera ladder and
Speakers are free that fits
when you see the tablet wakes up
I like it, I like it so much
very well i can use the tablet too
Setting up acts as a putty stand in
two different angles
so for example could type of course
the other way round too
that is also a drawback if you go to
the maneuvers come to the disadvantages
if you are like me actually
thought is
make this box as you do
maybe you can already see that here
a bit dirt here are already a few
stains here, for example, you have to
but life is it can also have such a
get caught and do not do that
found here is a magnet that that
It's a bit stuck here
be stronger
to the father in me like that one that
can then set up that the magnet
here too the attacks the magnetically here
and that does not fly around it
then the bag is very well made
I really like her visually and she likes it
make it so then we still have the 7
inch sleeve of party is a case
easy with notes and a double with
Zipper and I show you
Just here in front has just this
zipper with listened to
the logo of paper and should help
she is long and here anyway
and she still has them so great
that herbert almost ready is good
I also protected myself from falling
Normally, nothing happens
if you look
here stand two centimeters
it's a bit too big over that
ipad mini fits because I think even
loose in
as a comparison for example if you're after
looking for a case for the ipad mini
otherwise the cover is very well made
she does that was not dirty
until now
when I go to school or something
I usually transport my day like this
that an insurer is
I can do that here too
maybe put a smartphone in it
rich transport here is mostly
second holds sets of course, the
tablet is a bit the chamber looks
it is already twice that
actual tablet zipper by
Schimmelmann and free and the money is
worth it so it now costs the
Comparison to the official cover of
google for 30 euros for the nexus 7
only the half costs clearly
they even resort to this will
still have this open inside if that
does not bother us a little bit thicker
characterized safer and above by
a zipper has what calculi of
google or asus did not have that was mine
review if he has any questions asks
income or private message
if I count the next video
I like to answer or rad I answer
the comments and I thank you for
its still a small look now
Announcement it became one
I wanted one comment
Review of google nexus 7 in the
second generation I am still there
school goes, I do not know if I
but manage
I try that in the next
finish week and you will be in
the next weekend
most likely on my channel too
see and get the video or test
to the spot bluetooth receiver i will
most likely also still do
then I say thank you for watching and
bye